Docstrings for balance.jl (#139)
MIT-LAE/TASOPT.jl: docs/src/balance/balance.md

# Aircraft Stability

This module provides key functions for aircraft **stability and center of gravity (CG) analysis**, ensuring proper trim and balance throughout flight. The `balance` routine calculates the aircraft's **center of gravity (`xCG`)**, **center of pressure (`xCP`)**, and **neutral point (`xNP`)**, adjusting horizontal tail lift, area, or wing box location to maintain stability. The `htsize` routine determines the **horizontal tail area (`Sh`)** and **wing box position (`xwbox`)**, solving for pitch trim and static stability across different flight conditions. The `cglpay` routine computes **forward (`xcgF`) and aft (`xcgB`) CG limits** based on payload and fuel distribution. Lastly, the `cabin_centroid` routine calculates the **cabin centroid (`xcabin`) and length (`lcabin`)**, accounting for fuel tank placement and fuselage geometry. These functions collectively ensure proper **aircraft weight distribution, stability, and trim performance** across various loading scenarios.

> 

Reviewer: The primary equations for this from Drela's files (they're on the "TASOPT development" folder of the share drive) would go well here in a Theory drop down

See the aero pages for an example:
markdown: `!!! details "📖 Theory - axisymmetric fuselage profile drag" `

Reviewer: done

# Aircraft Stability

> This module provides functions for aircraft **stability and center of gravity (CG) analysis**, ensuring proper trim and balance throughout flight when called by [`wsize()`](@ref TASOPT.wsize).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This module provides functions to size the tail surfaces and balance the aircraft to achieve pitch trim throughout flight when called by [`wsize()`](@ref TASOPT.wsize).
```

> - [`balance()`](@ref TASOPT.balance) calculates the aircraft's **center of gravity (`xCG`)**, **center of pressure (`xCP`)**, and **neutral point (`xNP`)** at a specific flight point. To meet the pitch trim requirement, the routine adjusts one of (i) the horizontal tail's lift coefficient, (ii) its area, or (iii) the axial location of the wing box. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`balance()`](@ref TASOPT.balance) makes adjustments as described below to achieve pitch trim. It calculates the aircraft's resulting **center of gravity (`xCG`)**, **center of pressure (`xCP`)**, and **neutral point (`xNP`)** at a specific flight point. To meet the pitch trim requirement, the routine adjusts one of (i) the horizontal tail's lift coefficient, (ii) its area, or (iii) the axial location of the wing box. 
```
